Here below my 3 (now 4) ideas for a capstone project

1 - Human Activity Recognition (HAR) with own dataset

  HAR aims to recognize one person's activity (among the following : walking, walking downstairs, walking upstairs, sitting, standing and laying) based on smartphone sensor's data (accelerometer + gyro).
  The goal would therefore be to classify the observations based on these 6 activities, thanks to machine learning.
  
  For the Dataset, the idea was maybe to record it myself with my smartphone so that I can understand all that stand behind the data collection process.
  Otherwise, a dataset can be found here : https://www.kaggle.com/uciml/human-activity-recognition-with-smartphones/data
  
2 - Concrete Compressive Strength
  
  Based on the proportion of the different elements used for making concrete, as well as its age, the idea is to establish a regression model to determine the concrete's compressive strength.
  The dataset from Prof. I-Cheng Yeh can be found here : http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Concrete+Compressive+Strength

3 - Can housing price be predicted based on a few data from a real estate website ?

  I know a lot of people have been working on the housing price based on different datasets available on the web. Still, I am really interested in giving it a try by myself. But I want to go through the whole process of collecting my data and wrangling it so that it is as close as possible to a real-life project. The idea here is to scrape the data from a real-estate website from Belgium. Then, based on the data I can collect (which vary a lot from one house to another), I want to give a price for this house.
  I think a lot of my time will be spent collecting the data and cleaning it, which seems to be a big part of data scientist's job.
  
  
4 - Air Handling Unit FDD

  I asked a university for a large dataset of their AHU (Air Handling Unit) recordings (I don't have it yet). Based on this, I want to find a way to predict a fault, and eventually give a diagnosis. 
 EDA will be really intersting for this project. 
 Creating a FDD algorithm will be really helpful to monitor AHU's health.
    
 
